sources/ldap: lookup group memberships from user attribute (#12661)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/users-sources/sources/directory-sync/active-directory/index.md

- User object filter: Which objects should be considered users. For Active Directory set it to `(&(objectClass=user)(!(objectClass=computer)))` to exclude Computer accounts.
- Group object filter: Which objects should be considered groups.
- Group membership field: Which user field saves the group membership

> - Lookup using user attribute: Lookup group memberships from a user object attribute instead of a group attribute (`memberOf` instead of `member`). It can be useful for looking up nested group memberships, for which you'd want to use `memberOf:1.2.840.113556.1.4.1941:` as the group membership field, to tell Active Directory to follow DNs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Look up using a user attribute: Look up group memberships based on a user object attribute instead of a group attribute (`memberOf` instead of `member`). It can be useful for looking up nested group memberships, for which you'd want to use `memberOf:1.2.840.113556.1.4.1941:` as the group membership field, to tell Active Directory to follow DNs.
```

Reviewer: Thanks @krejcar25 !

> - Look up using a user attribute: Look up group memberships based on a user object attribute instead of a group attribute (`memberOf` instead of `member`). It can be useful for looking up nested group memberships, for which you'd want to use `memberOf:1.2.840.113556.1.4.1941:` as the group membership field, to tell Active Directory to follow DNs.

Reviewer 2: Not sure on this one, just an attempt to make it more consistent with the language around it

```suggestion
- Acquire group membership from a User attribute (`memberOf`) instead of a Group attribute (`member`). This works for directories with nested group memberships that utilize `memberOf:1.2.840.113556.1.4.1941:` as the group membership field, including Active Directory and RedHat IDM/FreeIPA.
```

Author: Resolved in d114576df5cbe4cc0a7950243e4d8c3055978fbe
